	Imdb’s mobile website is a neat, succinct summary of their normal website. On their mobile site, popular or pertinent information is stacked on top of each other, with image thumbnails to scroll through. This is convenient for a mobile browser, since everything is large and easily accessible. A feature some mobile websites do not seem to take into consideration is how hard and annoying it can be to scroll on a mobile device. When a large website is resized onto a mobile screen, it can take ages to scroll down to the content the user is looking for, and on the way, it is easy to accidentally hit a link, forcing the user to a new page and having to begin their scroll journey all over again. Imdb eliminates this issue by having a short main page, so there is no annoying scrolling the user has to endure. Their thumbnails also aid in finding a solution to this problem, being so large, it is easy to simply swipe through to find the desired content. This also takes advantage of the different medium of the mobile screen; swiping through content is a feature unique to touch screens, something that is more convenient for browsers from a mobile device, but which does not exist as an option for someone browsing from a laptop. When on a mobile device, it is easiest and fastest to simply swipe through content with a finger, while on a computer, it is most convenient to point and click. It is interesting, and good, to see that imdb took this into consideration when designing their mobile website.
	They even considered the comfort level of the user, and the possibility that their site may not have loaded entirely correctly per each mobile device, by allowing users to chose the size of their text on the bottom of the screen. This gives the user control over the environment, allowing them to resize if the content is either too small or large for their particular mobile device. Also, when browsing through their mobile website, all content is organized in distinctly labeled areas of information. This helps highlight different sections of the website, which may not have been so noticeable on a mobile device, by placing the headings on a background ribbon which spans the length of the page.
